# Module 3 challenge: Automatically Generate a PDF and Send it by Email


1. **The emails.py script defines the generate function. Which commands in the example.py script make it possible to call this function? Select all that apply.**
   - **Answer:** 
     - `emails.send`
     - `reports.generate`

2. **In the “Sample report” section, the lab prompts you to display the contents of the example.py script. Which command in the script creates the report PDF that is attached to the email sent?**
   - **Answer:** `reports.generate`

3. **What do you use the Linux cat command for?**
   - **Answer:** To display the contents of a file on the screen.

4. **You’re ready to add Python code to calculate the car with the most sales. What command must you use to open the file for editing?**
   - **Answer:** `nano ~/scripts/cars.py`

5. **How does the cars.py script get the necessary data for generating the sales report?**
   - **Answer:** It pulls the data from the file named car_sales.json.

6. **Which line must be included in the example.py script for the emails.send method to run?**
   - **Answer:** `import emails`

7. **What library enables you to send emails from a Python script?**
   - **Answer:** `smtplib`

8. **Which command identifies the mail host that will send the email generated by your script?**
   - **Answer:** `mail_server = smtplib.SMTP(‘localhost’)`

9. **What is the purpose of the if item_revenue > max_revenue[“revenue”]: line in the cars.py script?**
   - **Answer:** To identify which car generated the highest sales.

10. **Which commands must be included in your script if you want to send an email? Select all that apply.**
    - **Answer:** 
      - `import emails`
      - `emails.send`
      - `emails.generate`
